The container from India
is packed with red sandalwood.
Let the boss know.
Hello.
We found red sandalwood in a container.
We have no clue who sent it.
Yes, boss.
How did red sandalwood reach the port
without our permission?
We're not sure how.
Check the name of the shipping company.
BASHBV.
- BASHBV?
- That's right, sir.
You have to see this.
There's a coolie inside the container.
Seems like an Indian.
An Indian coolie…
survived 40 days in that container
without food or water?
Who could it be?
Find out.
Okay, boss.
Hang him upside down.
Who are you?
And who sent this load?
He's not answering.
Bring in someone
who can speak his language.
Hello, boss.
He's from India.
Find out who he is.
Ask him who he brought this load for.
I'll ask him, boss.
Hey! Who the hell are you?
Telugu or Tamil?
He's asking where you got that load from.
There's no reply.
That means he's a Telugu guy.
- Oh, my!
- Ask him properly.
Hey! Why aren't you saying anything?
Who are you?
Who the hell are you?
Pushpa!
Finish him off!
Yes!
Ready?
Hello!
How are you,
my Japanese brothers?
Are you doing well?
For many days,
I wondered what the country
receiving my goods would be like.
Today, I finally found out.
The weather here is cold.
Really cool! Cool!
Japanese!
Hey! Do you speak Japanese?
Of course!
Instead of sitting idle
in the container for 40 days,
I learned Japanese in 30.
How is my Japanese?
Superb! Superb!
So, what brings you to Japan?
The wood has made it to Japan, but…
the money still hasn't
made its way to Tirupati.
I'm here to show what happens
when you mess with Indians.
My shoes are Japanese
Not sure what's the next line
I have a red Russian hat on my head
Still…
Still, my heart is Indian
Coming here is his mistake.
Letting him go alive will be our mistake.
Show him the Japanese hospitality.
Scoundrel!
Aren't you the one who stole my money?
Hey, Pushpa!
Why lock horns with these people?
Did you come all this way for money,
only to end up losing your life?
Hey…
Every penny owed to me,
whether beyond the seven hills
or across the seven seas,
Pushpa always makes sure it comes back.
How does your country look upside down?
Show me where the money is.
If you don't tell me,
your boss won't spare you.
My boss… Hiroshi.
Hiroshi's boss.
Hiroshi's boss? Who?
You can see your boss normally.
But when you're upside down,
you'll see the boss of your boss.
I'm your boss!
Pushpa, the boss!
Pushpa is your real boss!
No matter where I am on this earth,
I never back down.
Wherever I am,
I won't back down.
Get the ball, dude.
- Hey, he can't swim.
- I'll make him bring it.
- What's your name?
- Mulleti Pushpa Raj.
- And your dad's name?
- Mulleti Venkataramana.
But the villagers say otherwise.
No, brother. He is my dad.
My mom said so.
Hey! Does anyone here believe him?
No, brother!
Do one thing.
Fetch that ball,
and we'll all believe that
your dad is, in fact, Venkataramana.
Hey, he's drowning!
Run!
Dear…
what do you want?
Hey…
What's wrong, dear?
Did you have a nightmare?
What's more nightmarish than the truth?
Hey, Srinu! Why are you coming to work
with your wedding just two days away?
Are you thinking straight?
Getting married isn't a big deal.
I can go after seeing the load off.
But if we don't send the stock on time,
won't it tarnish Pushpa's reputation?
Your father-in-law
is a crazy guy, as it is.
If he finds out you're here,
he'll raise hell!
Let him.
Pushpa is more important to me.
We're already short of men.
And Pushpa had to hire new ones.
You're right, bro. We're the regulars.
How can we not go?
Hey, Srinu. What are you getting
for the wedding? A bicycle?
Not just a bicycle.
They gifted me a ring as well.
- Let the person in front go first.
- Make it quick!
Faster!
Move it. Faster.
Get in! Get in!
- Get in!
- Fast!
Hey! The goats are loaded!
Looks like it's going to rain.
Let's start right away.
Move it!
You're sitting on my lap!
I'm talking to you!
You're sitting on my lap! Move it!
Hey, Gajendra.
He probably doesn't know about you.
Looks like a new guy.
What's up, man?
Why do you look clueless?
Are you scared of the cops?
Don't worry, dude.
Pushpa will take care of everything.
See that mark on the lorry?
That's Pushpa's brand.
It's like a national permit.
With that mark,
no police officer dares to stop us.
Yeah, man.
What happened to that bald cop?
I heard he hasn't been
showing up for duty lately.
- Who? That Shikhamath?
- Not Shikhamath. It's Shekhawat.
How will he show up?
Pushpa stripped him
and thrashed him.
He must be terrified.
Unable to show his face,
he might be hiding in disguise.
- Just goats, sir.
- Yes. Goats, sir.
Where are we going now?
Hold this carriage.
Careful, it's slippery.
Hey, new guy. Watch your step.
It's slippery.
Hey, careful!
Put out that fire and follow us.
Hey, new guy!
Bring that toddy pot for the ritual.
Swami, Pushpa's family is here.
The crown looks magnificent, ma'am.
The diamond studding shows
that it's not locally made.
- Yes. It is--
- Enough happiness, sir.
Looks like hard work.
Perform archana on their gotra and name.
Please tell us your gotra.
Ask her the surname, and you'll
automatically know the gotra.
Yes, dear. Just tell me your surname,
and I'll let you know your gotra.
You need a surname
to figure out your gotra.
The priest is new around here.
So he wouldn't know.
The surname is Mulleti,
the gotra is Paidipalli.
He didn't ask our gotra.
He's asking for the gotra of those
who brought that big crown.
Swami, does God have a surname?
All names are His, child.
What surname could He possibly have?
My husband is the same.
Just like God.
Perform the archana
in the name of God.
Alright, dear.
Bringing a golden crown isn't enough.
You should also be eligible for puja.
- I pity them, Mohan.
- Don't take Dad's words to heart, Auntie.
Nagappa!
- Forty-two kilograms.
- Forty-two kilograms, bro!
- Keep it fast.
- Seethapathi.
- Fifty kilograms.
- Seethapathi, fifty kilograms.
- Move it.
- Gajendra.
- Seethapathi, take the money.
- Gajendra, 56 kilograms. Move it.
- The new guy.
- Come on here.
- Keep it fast.
- Hey, hurry up!
- How much is it?
- Thirty-six kilograms.
New guy, thirty-six kilograms!
- Come here.
- What's your name, man?
- Tighten it a bit, don't want it to slip.
- Shekhawat.
Hey! What did you say your name is?
Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat!
- Mr. Kupparaju. You may come now.
- Sir.
Everyone is holding the logs.
- They aren't escaping. Come on.
- Okay, sir.
Hey, eat up.
You have ten more minutes.
Eat!
Hey!
Bald police, right?
Bald police?
Bald police!
Shekhawat!
Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat!
Attack!
Catch them!
Oh, no! Run that way!
Don't leave any of them!
Cover the entire area!
He has gone to the forest for Pushpa
despite his wedding.
What happened now?
Instead of being at his own wedding,
he's sitting in the police station now!
He's not coming anyway.
- Hey, call my nephew.
- Yes, Uncle.
Wear a pancha and tie the knot.
- Okay, Uncle.
- Dad!
There's still time for the muhurtham.
He'll come and tie the knot.
- I have faith in him.
- Hey, crazy lady! Don't you understand?
To him, Pushpa became more
important than marrying you.
Don't blame him, Dad.
It was me who asked him to go to work.
Pushpa! Pushpa! Pushpa!
Do you really think
Pushpa will come to rescue this coolie?
- Greetings, Pushpa!
- Greetings, brother!
- What's up, guys?
- Greetings, Pushpa!
What brings you here, Pushpa?
Won't I come if you lock up my boys?
Srinu is getting married in an hour.
I'm here to take him.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
- Take those keys and bring him out.
- Okay.
What? Srinu?
- What are you saying, Pushpa?
- Wait.
An FIR has been registered in his name.
Total of 230 people.
The count will be off
if even one is missing.
Is it?
Hey. Do we have a Srinivas among us?
- Hey, Srinivasulu. Where are you?
- Here, brother.
- My name is Srinu as well.
- Have you eaten?
- No, boss.
- I had my meal, boss.
- Then go inside and bring him out.
- Okay, boss.
Sir, that's D. Srinivas
and this is B. Srinivas.
Hey, wait up!
What is this, Pushpa?
That guy is D. Srinivas
and this guy is B. Srinivas.
How can we manage this?
What's the difference?
Put another "D" under that "D,"
and you'll have a "B."
Can't you guys change
one letter for me?
It's not like that, Pushpa.
Shekhawat sir is very strict.
- Hey.
- It's not like before.
- Where did you get this betel chew?
- From the same place. Why?
It's biting me back.
What was the CI saying?
Pushpa, I said, it's not like before
and the rules have changed.
So, the rules have changed?
It seems the rules
have changed for the CI.
- What's sir's salary like?
- Around 10,000 rupees.
How much did sir give as dowry
at his daughter's wedding?
- We pitched in 500,000, macha.
- 500,000 rupees as dowry?
Yes!
What rule let you give that?
What rule, I ask!
And here.
An ordinary constable Venkatadri's son
is studying engineering.
- With a donation of 100,000 and--
- 200,000 rupees, macha.
Under what rule did you give that?
Your wife bought a pearl necklace
from Prodduturi Padma Jewelers.
What about that rule?
Did it change or stay the same?
Did you watch the cricket match
last night, Mr. Shetty?
Did you watch Tendulkar in color?
- What TV is it?
- Samsung Flatron, macha.
He owns the same TV as the SP.
What about the rule that purchased the TV?
Should I tell you…
what that rule is?
Bhakarapeta, Mangalampeta, Talakona,
Pinchalakona, Thalakadakona.
What I'm about to say will echo across
the Tirupati hills. So, listen up!
Whatever happens here, it happens
according to just one rule.
Do you know what rule that is?
Pushpa's rule!
Chinni Krishna.
What do you think you're doing?
Chinni Krishna!
Srinu, come out.
It's time for the muhurtham.
- Change your clothes fast.
- You get in there.
Greetings, boss.
Not here.
Go to CI's bathroom. It's cleaner.
Hey! Come here.
What's that bruise on your arm?
Nothing, boss.
Did these guys thrash you?
Pushpa's brand is like a national permit.
This is my brand!
This is my brand.
This is my brand, sir!
He was able to draw blood from our bodies…
but he couldn't make us reveal your name.
Look at this mark.
This is formed from carrying the logs.
Everyone with this mark
is like a partner to Pushpa.
If a single blow lands on them,
it's like Pushpa is hit.
I can't stand it.
CI Ponnaiah is an expert
in the third degree.
He must have gotten them
to reveal Pushpa's name by now.
All we need to do is
arrest him in the morning.
Hey! Why is the station empty?
Where are all the cops?
Where are the coolies?
Where is everybody?!
Hey!
Where did everyone go?
Pushpa came here after you left, sir.
We acted on the orders
of Shekhawat sir, Pushpa.
What could we do?
I'm taking them away.
Not just Srinu.
I'm taking away everyone.
- Hey, Kesava. Bring everyone out.
- Pushpa, what is this?
Hey, Pushpa. Wait.
We'll lose our jobs, Pushpa.
What did you say?
- We'll lose our jobs.
- Jobs?
Hey…
it seems their jobs are on the line.
What did you say…
the CI's salary is?
Ten thousand, Pushpa.
- What's your salary?
- 4,300.
- Bribes?
- I receive around 30,000.
- And your service?
- Got another 18 years left.
- And the pension?
- Around 1.5 million.
- Total?
- 3,408,800.
Chinni Krishna.
Round figure, 4.2 million.
- Venkatadri, what's your salary?
- 4,100.
- And bribes?
- 18,000.
- How many years of service are left?
- Three years.
- And the pension?
- One million.
- 3,305,600.
- Varaprasad, round figure, four million.
Next.
Oh my!
The CI has joined too, macha.
The rules have changed, dude.
Hand him the cash and send him.
With so much money,
why wouldn't the rule change?
Now, it's only your rule.
Who is the second glass for?
It's for Shekhawat sir.
He has asked for a party, right?
What if everyone has left, sir?
There will be one at every station.
A sincere one like him.
Let's include him in the promotion list.
Sir, I have also received
the offer from Pushpa.
I was here to hand over these keys
and the resignation letters.
I'll take your leave, sir.
Everyone has resigned.
Damn it.
We should've arrived
ten minutes earlier.
If you had, you would have
walked away with an offer too.
Then, I would have been left alone.
Just like a complete fool!
I slogged away, cutting logs
and capturing the thugs,
but he swooped in like an eagle
and took them all away.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
He beat me so badly…
that even when I just think of "Pushpa,"
it echoes out loud.
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
Pushpa!
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa Raj!
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa Raj!
When you brush your beard
The country trembles
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
When you raise your shoulder and walk
The ground itself shatters
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
For you to stand straight
Even the sky needs to be raised
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
To measure your height
The sea must be dug deeper
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
If you cower like a sparrow in the rain
It's your fault if defeat is your chain
But like a mighty eagle
When you soar past every limit
Even rain bows to you
Pouring at your feet
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa Raj!
I like this one, brother.
- It looks good.
- Hey, Pushpa!
Your niece bought herself a chain.
She said that you'd cover the cost.
What do we do now?
Got it.
We pay for it.
WELCOME
Pushpa knows many things
But not all!
Fear? Defeat?
Never heard that call
No stepping back, no pause in stride
Just relentless pride
Pushpa has it all
But not everything
No fear, no regrets
No fright, no rival in his way
And he'll never back down
He bows only to God
Salutes only the mentors
Kneels only before the mother
Why wait for another to see your value?
Why wait till others know the real you?
With fire in your veins and pride
Your name alone is your own brand
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa Pushpa!
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa!
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa
Pushpa, Pushpa, Pushpa Raj!
Chief minister KVV Narasimha Reddy's
Tirupati tour is live on your screens…
Hey, the CM reached the guest house.
Party workers and local leaders
are welcoming him in large numbers…
Hey! You can have breakfast later.
It's time, the boss is coming.
Hey, I'm leaving.
What a wonder!
Sir is charming today!
Heading to meet the CM?
Are you also wearing perfume?
- Wow!
- The perfume isn't for the CM.
It's for my wife.
That's alright, dear.
Take one picture with the CM.
I'll make a grand display of it
in our hall.
What for?
So, I can boast that my husband
has meetings with the CM.
It's just a photo.
I'll get it for sure.
Why just a photo?
I can do anything for my wife.
Dear! Don't touch me like that.
I get those feelings.
- Isn't that good for health?
- Dear!
Don't, dear!
If I get the feelings,
you'll be in trouble.
- What kind of trouble?
- No, dear!
Not so loud.
The boys might hear.
And my pride will go for a toss.
No, dear!
Please stop.
Hey!
- Where are you going?
- To the meeting.
- Come, dear.
- Where to?
I got the feelings.
Is this a joke?
I've got a meeting with the CM.
You should have thought about this
before kissing me.
Hey, you!
My shirt's going to get wrinkled!
I'll take care of that, dear.
It'll show, dear! Hey…
- Hey, Kesava!
- Yes, macha?
Your vadina didn't like
this shirt I'm wearing.
- I'll change and join you.
- Hey! Come on!
Okay, macha.
Guys, now you can have breakfast.
- Sister! Please bring the plates.
- Right away.
Hello?
Yes, brother. Boss will take
another 30 minutes to arrive.
Please inform Mr. Siddappa.
Didn't I tell you that
the shirt wouldn't get wrinkled?
Yes, dear.
It's just like a flower.
- You are just amazing!
- Dear!
I'll get feelings again.
What? Again!
I'm getting late.
Hey! Is this a joke?
- Kesava!
- Macha.
Are we running late?
I already told them
we'd arrive after 30 minutes.
This shirt is better
than the other one, macha.
You've been getting
too full of yourself, man.
- Why, macha?
- You know it's the same shirt.
And yet, you speak like that.
Is it really the same shirt, macha?
I thought that was a different shirt
because it didn't have this sticker.
Stop the act, dude!
Pushpa! Pushpa! Pushpa!
What brings you here, Pushpa?
Are you going
to the assembly from Seshachalam?
By morning, all the legislators
are heading to Pushpa's house.
Why would Pushpa need to go
to the assembly?
Nothing like that.
My wife never asks for anything.
But today, she wants me
to take a picture with the CM.
I'm here to fulfill her wish.
- Are you eyeing the state from the center?
- Are you aiming for a cabinet ministry?
- Nothing like that! No rumors, please!
- Please tell us, sir.
So, are you seeking the ministry or not?
Isn't that why I'm here?
The word has already spread across.
Shouldn't I ask at least now?
I'm also planning to ask
for Shekhawat's transfer.
Don't do any such thing.
It'll look like we're afraid of him.
You're nowhere involved in this.
He's my problem,
and I'm dealing with it. Okay?
You'll tell him, that's alright.
But what will he think?
He'll think I'm behind all this.
Won't that be an insult to me?
Sir, forget him
and focus on your ministry.
- But that--
- Plan such things behind my back.
If I find out, I'll oppose it.
Now that I know, drop it.
Brother.
What's this, Shankar Reddy?
We couldn't win ten wards in Chittoor.
Greetings, brother!
- What makes your brother…
- Let's stand here.
Come here.
Why's that?
Your feet are on the ground
only when you stand.
One leg rests on the other knee
when you sit down.
It doesn't look good in front of the CM.
My legs are carrying Pushpa, right?
So, they have a certain pride.
Come, Siddappa.
What's going on?
Nothing that you don't know of.
How's Pratap Reddy?
Tirupati streets are full of his photos.
Is this my trip or his?
He's the state in charge…
Is the shirt good enough
for a photo?
It's looking good, macha.
Just like it's been changed.
- I need to tell you about this guy.
- Yeah!
Pushpa, right?
I keep hearing your name.
A lot of people
speak about you these days.
What a man you are!
We heard that you
emptied the police station
and gave the cops their retirement.
Your sound isn't just spreading here.
It's resounding even in Delhi.
You bring in a lot of funds
for our party. We're happy with it.
You're free to do as you wish.
What say, Siddappa?
Pushpa's wife asked for
a good photograph with the CM.
Hey!
What's this, Siddappa?
What, brother?
A photo with these smugglers isn't
as easy as them giving us party funds.
Shoes are meant for the feet,
not the hands, right?
If this photo gets published
tomorrow-- Hey!
Hey! Did you take a picture?
- I didn't, sir.
- But I heard the "click."
Mr. CS.
- Did you hear the "click"?
- There wasn't any flash, sir.
Not the flash, but the sound.
Mr. Surender.
Did you hear the "click" sound?
Yes, sir. I doubt it too.
- If we print it--
- That's what we need to avoid!
- Give it to him.
- Fast!
This morning, you clicked photos
of my wife and kids on the hill.
- Are those pictures also in this?
- Yes, sir.
Idiot!
You ruined everything!
Siddappa, the boy listened to his wife
and showed up here for the photo.
Pushpa, no one who obeys his wife
has ever prospered.
Keep that in mind.
Come, Siddappa.
Did you want to talk about something?
Sit. You wanted to say something, right?
What is it?
- Good morning, sir.
- Greetings, sir.
- What is it?
Your style is unmatched!
Shut up, man.
It's not like that.
I was worried
he'd be upset about all that.
But he's alright.
What's up, sir?
Is your work done?
Yes, man.
Not sure about the portfolio
but he confirmed my ministry.
We need to arrange the cash.
No. I want to know
if Shekhawat's transfer is done.
You asked me not to mention it.
But you did ask.
He said it wasn't possible.
He said it wouldn't be possible if,
instead of cooperating with the police,
you pick fights with everyone
and then demand their transfer.
You weren't interested either,
so I let it go.
Him refusing is one thing,
and my refusal is another.
There's a lot of difference.
What's this?
Changing your tone?
Calling the CM names
just because he didn't give you a picture?
Nothing like that.
The CM has a million issues
to pose for a picture
with a smuggler like me.
You'd do the same
if you became the CM tomorrow.
Why would I do that?
I'd pose for a picture with you.
- Really? You'd give me a picture?
- Yes, man. Why not?
Then you are the CM.
- What's that?
- I said that you are the CM.
Me? CM?
What is this, Pushpa?
Are you out of your senses?
CM?
CM!
Anyway…
why chase after silly posts when
someone like Pushpa is by your side?
The ministry and whatnot!
Why can't you aim higher, sir?
If there was a Pushpa beside me,
I'd think the same.
One can surely think, but…
a CM's post would cost a lot.
How much would it be?
A minimum of… one billion.
Would five billion be enough?
Where will you bring that much money?
Leave the money matters to Pushpa…
and meet Pratap Reddy in Delhi.
Stand up.
Hey! Give me the shawl.
- Hey! Take our picture.
- Sure, brother.
Get that picture developed
and keep it safe.
Give it to your vadina
once he becomes the CM.
Sir…
you wanted to know if I felt bad.
I did.
But not because
he refused to take a picture.
I felt bad because
he spoke about my wife.
Sir…
Srivalli is my wife.
I'll listen only to her.
I'll do what she suggests.
I'll show the world what it is like…
to listen to the wife.
No matter what it takes,
in matters like this,
everyone knows that
I never…
Hey, boy!
Brother.
I too heard the "click" sound.
Mr. Minister,
this guy lied to the CM for us.
He'll be your photographer
once you become the CM.
- Take a photo then, with a "click."
- Yes, brother.
- Hey, Srivalli. Your husband's on TV.
- Really?
- Long live…
- Pushpa!
- Pushpa, what happened in there?
- Pushpa, did you get a photo with the CM?
The CM is pretty busy today.
He said he'd be coming
to my house for the photo.
The CM said he'd come to our house
on July 24th for lunch.
I'm wondering whether to cook
lamb or goat that day.
- What's special about the date 24th?
- Am I hearing my son's voice on TV?
Yes, it's your son.
It seems the CM promised
to visit our home.
- But why?
- What do you mean why?
Do you think
your son is an ordinary person?
He asked for a photo at my insistence.
So he's visiting our home for the photo.
That's what your son is capable of.
I'll invite everyone from Tirupati
for a meal that day, Auntie.
What do you say?
Sure, Srivalli.
LORD BALAJI'S OFFERING
Drink up, Siddappa.
There's more.
Brother, is this why I'm here?
A job like the CM's isn't suited for you.
Forget about it.
Why, brother?
I've been loyal to the party for 20 years.
I've been pitching in with funds
whenever required.
What qualifications does Narasimha Reddy
have to be the CM? What am I lacking?
Do you think I'm unfit to be the CM?
I've known you for years, Siddappa.
This is not you.
These aren't your words.
Who's behind you?
Your brother Subba Reddy
is on the line.
Yes?
Someone here has something to do with you.
He brought in fifty million rupees.
What do I do, brother?
Fifty million? Who'd that be?
Greetings, brother.
My name is Pushpa.
People in the market call me
red sandalwood Pushpa.
Yes. I know you, man.
You're Konda Reddy's
quarter partner, right?
I've been hearing about you.
If you think you are speaking
to a quarter partner,
I'll have to speak to a clerk
who counts lorries in the quarry.
Why dig our own histories?
So what's with the fifty million?
That isn't for you, brother.
It's for your sibling.
Because he brought you on the line.
How long will you sit
in the same chair?
I'm sending you a new sofa.
Make yourself comfortable in it.
It's no ordinary sofa, brother.
It's pretty costly.
It's a sofa worth 250 million.
What tender is this for?
Quarry or mining?
Which part of the state
do you need it in?
I want the entire state.
I want Siddappa
to become the CM of the state.
Do you think your decision alone matters?
It will, brother.
Pushpa's decision
is like the Tirupati laddoo.
Once out, it cannot be returned.
Feel blessed and accept it.
Siddappa will become the CM for sure.
I started with you.
If not…
I've got many more sofas, brother.
Who is this, Siddappa?
He doesn't care about money
and has no fear of power.
He carries a hidden sorrow within him.
He'll put anything at stake for it.
Sir.
Deal with him carefully, Siddappa.
What's this, man?
Fifty million for a phone call
and 250 for the dealer?
If you distribute the syndicate money
like grains, who'd be answerable tomorrow?
The members of the syndicate
will receive their share as always, sir.
But the amount received by the syndicate
is what's going to change.
It's the same ton and the same 15 million.
How'd the amount change?
If we sell to Mangalam Srinu,
the price will be five million per ton.
When Srinu goes to Murugan,
the price goes up to 15 million.
What if we directly reach out
to Murugan's buyer?
Your vision seems to have stopped
at the state border, sir.
But Pushpa's vision has
crossed the country's border.
What? Did you think Pushpa is national?
International!
- Isn't the party here yet?
- They are.
- Where are they?
- Over there.
- What is he doing?
- He's offering prayers to his God.
It's called Shiv mala.
- Did they come in this tempo?
- Yes, bhai. This one.
Well, even my dog
wouldn't ride in this tempo.
Sorry.
You've brought a bunch of nobodies.
Didn't you inquire beforehand?
Bhai, they've come
all the way to the Maldives.
Just have a brief meeting with them.
Quickly now, get to the point.
It should be a deal of
at least ten billion.
All these small-scale deals
of 100 to 200 tons…
If I called anyone in India,
they'd send it right away.
Please make the call, Shiva.
Not 100 tons, but ask for ten.
You think nobody in India
would give me ten tons?
I know all the players of India.
- Hello?
- Murugan.
Yes, bhai.
How are you?
I'm doing great. Tell me.
I need ten tons of the stuff, urgently.
Ten tons?
That's right. I need ten tons.
- It's urgent.
- Right. Give me a minute.
Shiva. Murugan Shiva.
Greetings, Murugan Shiva.
Pushpa. I need ten tons.
I'm in a meeting.
I'll call you back.
Mr. Aggarwal, how have you been?
I'm good, bhai.
What's going on?
I need ten tons of the stuff.
Alright, bhai.
- Greetings, Aggarwal Shiva.
- Greetings, Pushpa bhai.
I need ten tons.
Brother, I need ten tons immediately.
I understand that it's urgent.
I'll give you a contact number.
Alright.
9-4-4-3-4…
Hey, is this Pushpa's number?
Do you know Pushpa?
I'm just getting to know him.
Pushpa. That's a simple name.
The name is small,
but the sound is huge.
Now that you like the sound,
let's talk business, Shiva.
How much?
Two thousand tons.
The cost of a ton?
Twenty-five million.
Are you kidding me, Pushpa?
The business is no joke for Pushpa.
Business with Pushpa…
is extremely fun.
Two thousand.
Two thousand tons.
Fifty billion.
Take it.
Forty-nine billion.
Why reduce it by one billion?
Don't you have sufficient supply?
For the remaining one billion…
Excellent!
It won't be long before he meets his end.
How will we go now?
Bhai, you'll have to ride in this tempo.
Like I said,
even my dog wouldn't ride in it.
Hey!
Open that.
Please come, ma'am.
Macha Shiva. We're in a helicopter now.
Place your leg over your knee.
Shiva.
When we're down,
we have to cross our legs
over our knees to show that we're on top.
Now that we're already on top, there's
no need to cross our leg over the knee.
When we are at the top,
we shouldn't go for ego, Shiva.
We need to back down a little.
Shiva. Call our syndicate members
and ask for the stock.
Two thousand tons?
Yes, Shiva.
Hey, are you out of your senses?
Dastagiri Shiva.
- Dastagiri Shiva.
- How will you bring that many laborers?
- Shiva.
- Yes, Shiva.
- What are we paying our laborers?
- Two thousand, Shiva.
From now on, the coolies will earn…
Ten thousand gig, Ten thousand gig!
Now, they'll flock like crazy.
Ten thousand gig.
Do you have any idea how many lorries
we'd require to transport that much stock?
- They are quoting one million per lorry.
- Buy as many as you can, Shiva.
- Okay, boss.
- Also…
purchase the drivers
and the cleaners along with the lorries.
Shambo Shankara!
- I need 200 tons from you this time.
- Sure, boss.
- You have to send 200 tons.
- I'll send 100, boss.
Shambo Shankara!
- How much are you sending?
- I'll send 100 tons.
- I'll send 50 tons.
- I'll send 150 tons, boss.
I'll send 70 tons, boss.
- I'll give 90 tons.
- Count me in for 150 tons.
I can deliver 100 tons.
One hundred is mine,
and one hundred is his.
Shambo Shankara!
You asked him for 100 tons
and want just 50 tons from me?
Do you think I'm a loser?
What's this, Pushpa?
Hey, Bicha Reddy.
That is Mangalam Srinu's area, man.
Procuring the stock is easy.
But bringing it across isn't.
No matter who tries to stop me,
- I'll bring the stock.
- But there are many police check posts.
It's a big risk.
Why don't you listen?
Hey…
he's eager to bring it.
Why stop him?
Bicha Reddy.
Go ahead, man.
What's up, Pushpa?
Why are you moving
so much stock all of a sudden?
We need to know too, right?
Why you're doing all this?
See that wall over there?
We need to set up a big photo frame there.
- What? These many tons just for a photo?
- Dear, I'm cooking lamb curry.
Please taste it.
That Shekhawat
is already on the prowl for us.
Is this huge exercise
necessary at such a time?
Pushpa doesn't think
if something is correct or not.
He takes a decision…
and it proves to be correct.
It's salty, dear.
- Hey, bring some water.
- Macha.
You may be Pushpa,
but you can't tell your lady
that the curry is salty.
It's a pity he doesn't know that.
Macha, Srivalli vadina is angry.
She's throwing away all the curry.
- But why?
- Because you said it's bad.
Will she throw it away just for this?
- Can't I tell her it's salty?
- You can, macha.
What's this salty mess
in the middle of such a big meeting?
I'll be right back.
A family matter came up.
Hey, Srivalli!
Hey, look!
- Hey, Srivalli.
- What?
What's up, dear?
Why are you so angry?
Why do you think I am?
You criticize everything I cook!
Have you ever appreciated my cooking?
I made it out of so much love
because it's your favorite!
I was following a ritual
all these days, right?
After eating bland food all these days,
I felt that the curry--
You're right, dear.
The curry needs to be that salty.
Anyway…
it is because of your salt
that Pushpa's got so much pride.
Don't get smart with me.
- Oh, my!
- Oh, God! Dear!
Why can't you be careful?
Look at that!
These are golden feet, my dear.
But why do they carry
cheap silver anklets?
- Hey, Kesava!
- Yes, macha.
I won't step inside.
Just tell me.
Order gold anklets for your vadina
from Kalyan Jewelers.
Done, macha.
Never mind.
I'll select them myself.
Remind me.
Let go of my foot.
- What is it?
- I said, let go!
- Why, dear?
- You are Pushpa Raj.
Don't let others mock you
for touching your wife's feet.
Dear. Not just with pride,
even in matters of love,
Pushpa Raj never backs down.
I'll just shout in front of the syndicate.
Don't take it to heart.
Hey! What do you think of Pushpa Raj?
There will be no excuses next time.
- Come, dear.
- What is it?
- I'm getting the feelings.
- Why? What did I do now?
- How did you get the feelings?
- But you touched my feet.
- Does one get feelings from touching feet?
- Yes, dear. They do.
- Why are you unbuttoning my shirt?
- Stop, dear.
Once the meeting's done,
I'll come as early as possible.
- Dear, you always say the same thing.
- Stop unbuttoning it.
- Listen to me--
- The feeling will be lost, dear.
- I'll get them back for you.
- Come, dear.
Don't make noise.
It won't be good.
This is not a joke.
Stop holding me.
- Come, dear.
- What's this? It's so wrong.
- They can hear us.
- Dear!
They'll hear us, dear!
Once at six, once at seven
Sometimes even just before ten
When I'm asleep, when I wake up
Even when I'm sitting idle, once more
When you press my finger once
When you step on my toes once
But every single time
You're beside me
- The feelings come rushing
The feelings come rushing
They're overwhelming me
These feelings
The feelings come rushing
They're overwhelming me
These feelings
When you ask me to go away
When you push me away
Also when you secretly say yes
When you're adorned
In flowers and jewelry
Even when you drape a simple sari
When you stretch your body
And when you sweep the floor
But when you draw water
Truly once
The feelings come rushing
They've drowned me in them
When you're grinding
Chutney in the kitchen
And brushing the sweat with your sari
When I dry your shirt on the line
When it reminds me of your scent
When you tie your hair in a knot
When you sleep hugging the pillow
When you yawn in exhaustion
The feelings come rushing
They've drowned me
These feelings
The feelings come rushing
They're overwhelming me
These feelings
The feelings come rushing
They're overwhelming me
These feelings
The feelings come rushing
They've drowned me
These feelings
Why are you putting your leg on me?
Dear.
This is my leg.
This is also my leg.
I put it on my own leg.
What's your problem?
I'm getting the feelings, dear.
- Come.
- Dear! Dear!
- Why only when you feel like it?
- Dear!
- What about my feelings?
Hey!
What's with the wide eyes?
I sent her to you to see if you
still had any manhood left.
Daksha, turn off the lights.
Turn it off, Daksha!
That's it.
That Pushpa taught you how to be shy.
Keep hiding and living like this.
That ruffian made me a widow
and took my brother away from me.
Brother-in-law!
My blood is boiling.
You can just sit and stare.
But this Daksha won't stop
until I see his death.
He came in as a laborer
and became the owner of the syndicate.
Do you have any idea
what he's up to now?
He's planning to sell
thousands of tons to other countries.
He's been procuring every log
he can get his hands on.
Those hidden deep under are surfacing.
Those hidden in the air
are dropping down.
Trees, rivers, and streams.
Bike, auto, car, and everything else.
Everything with wheels
is transporting Pushpa's sandalwood.
There's no trace of where
all this stock is being transported.
But Pushpa is surely
planning something big.
Instead of Murugan, he's dealing
with someone from Dubai directly.
He bought off a station today.
Tomorrow, he'll buy the state.
We must stop it at any cost.
I have a plan.
Bicha Reddy.
He used to work for me previously.
He's a syndicate member now.
I know how he transports his stock.
If you could catch him and intimidate
him, the entire syndicate would tremble.
My husband Mangalam Srinu
will take care of the rest.
First, scare him
and prove your manliness.
I will. First hand me my pants.
Am I your wife
to fetch your pants for you?
You're sitting on my pants.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
Isn't it cold?
There's a bottle in the jeep.
I'm feeling it outside, not inside.
Hey! Shekhawat sir is feeling cold.
Hey! Do you know what you're doing?
It's worth 300 million!
Will you burn it down?
Don't you know what happens
if you touch syndicate stock?
Shekhawat sir!
Have you forgotten Pushpa stripping you?
Hey!
You bonehead!
- Hey!
- Sir!
Why are you shouting?
Aren't you supposed to be scared?
Be afraid.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
Dakshayani asked us to scare him.
But he's shouting.
- No, sir.
- What's your name?
He's scared.
Really?
You can see it in his eyes.
I don't think so.
It's more like a shock. See for yourself.
It's fear, sir.
- This is fear.
- No! Oh, my!
- This expression is missing there.
- Sir, let me go.
Hey! No! I'm coming.
Mr. Kupparaju.
I know what his problem is.
He knows we can't do anything.
Syndicate member, right?
Pushpa Raj is his strength.
I have an idea to scare him,
Mr. Kupparaju.
What is it, sir?
Sir! Sir!
Yes!
- Now he's scared.
- He's dead, sir.
He was scared
before he died, Mr. Kupparaju.
- When he shouted?
- Just before that.
- What happened?
- He wasn't scared up here.
- But he was down there.
- He burnt it all.
Sadly, we couldn't see that.
- We couldn't see?
- Oh, my! Bicha Reddy!
Hey, Shekhawat! What did you do to him?
Did you push him?
I didn't do anything.
I asked his name.
He got scared and jumped off.
This is what I'd say.
But everyone will think
we pushed him.
We needed him alive.
You could have just threatened him.
Why kill him?
If I only threatened him,
he'd have been frightened alone.
But if I kill him…
the entire syndicate will be terrified.
What's up, guys? Why do you all look like
corpses just because that guy is dead?
Is no one going to speak up
even after all this?
I already told you.
This won't stop
with my brother-in-law's death.
This is what happens when you
hand over the reins to ignorant fools.
Hey, Srinu. Don't you have
a sense of occasion?
He is also at fault.
We warned him
about the police in that area.
- He didn't listen.
- He died. What can anyone do?
Why is the MP answerable when that guy
jumped off the bridge out of fear?
You dimwit!
He didn't jump and die.
He died because he was pushed.
Ma'am, you make it sound like
you were there and saw it all.
Regardless of whether he jumped
or was pushed, we'd be dead.
He's right.
Bicha Reddy's death tells us
what happens if we support Pushpa.
It's like a warning.
MP sir.
You favored Pushpa over Srinu
and handed over the syndicate to him.
We accepted it out of respect for you.
But how can we continue
when lives are lost like this, sir?
First, clear the rift
between Pushpa and Shekhawat.
Or hand over the syndicate
back to Mangalam Srinu.
Lives are more important than money, sir.
MP sir!
Please have a new road
laid to the graveyard.
It's full of potholes.
We'll be frequenting this route now.
Sir.
- MP is here.
- The MP?
Why is he here?
- What business does he have here?
- No idea, sir.
Mr. Siddappa!
I didn't harm him.
I asked his name.
He lost his nerve and jumped down.
- Right, Mr. Kupparaju?
- Yes, sir.
He lost his nerve and jumped down.
What are you doing with your hand?
As if I pushed him!
I meant to say he jumped, sir.
Sorry, sir.
Hey, bring some drinks over to sir!
- No, no! Bring nannari.
- Hey!
Stop your act!
What?
You do whatever you want,
and expect me to stay quiet?
Don't stay quiet, sir.
Get me transferred.
Talk to the CM
and get me transferred.
You know that's not going to happen.
That's why we are desperate.
Alright.
Forget the past.
For compensation,
I'll have Pushpa pay 100 million.
Deal?
- Culination?
- No, sir.
He meant "compensation."
Compensation.
One hundred million.
What is this?
You're turning a minor issue
into a major problem.
There were just the two of you there.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
- Step outside for a minute.
- Okay, sir.
Take off your shirt, MP sir.
What?
Your shirt. Take it off.
- Hey!
- Or the pants.
You're going too far.
Do you even realize
who you're talking to?
See that?
It's just the two of us here.
You're angry because I asked you to strip.
But he stripped me bare!
What did you say?
He'd offer 100 million?
Even a high-class escort
would strip for one hundred thousand.
But when I stripped,
I'm being given a mere 100 million?
I'm a big streetwalker.
A big one!
Happy now?
We get into politics
only after shedding everything.
There's nothing left to lose.
Hey, SP.
You're just as important
to this business as Pushpa is.
This business will run smoothly
only if you two get along.
I'm ready to do whatever it takes
to make that happen.
What more do you want?
Before all of these,
do you know what the toughest part is?
Not knowing how to take revenge
on our enemy.
I'll make Pushpa apologize to you.
Will Pushpa apologize?
If you tell him to…
will he apologize?
I'm the one who made that coolie
the syndicate president.
He'd give up his life for me.
Mr. Kupparaju!
- Mr. Kupparaju!
- Sir!
Hey, close the door
and come inside.
Sir, the MP…
Pushpa even made the MP strip.
That's not important.
Will Pushpa apologize?
- To you?
- Yes.
He won't, sir.
He's too proud.
He won't back off, right?
It sounds good when he says it.
Let him say it then.
"Compensation."
Pushpa. Sorry.
Mr. Siddappa.
Everyone must listen to his apology.
Throw a huge party!
Invite the whole syndicate.
BHANWAR SINGH SHEKHAWAT
The party's on, Pushpa.
It's definitely on.
- Has he arrived?
- Not yet.
Shekhawat is here.
Welcome, SP.
Mr. Siddappa.
Is Pushpa here?
He hasn't arrived yet.
Wasn't he supposed to be here at eight?
It's nine now.
I sent someone to bring him.
- Prasad. Call up Jakka Reddy.
- It's alright.
I'll wait.
Mr. Siddappa, 20 years ago,
I waited for a girl for three hours…
hoping she'd say, "I love you."
The same feeling
never occurred again.
But it happened today!
It's alright. I'll wait.
What's happening, Pushpa?
Because of your fight with Shekhawat,
one of us is dead.
Everyone has turned against us.
The syndicate might go back
to Mangalam Srinu's control.
Pushpa…
Your only option now is…
to do as Siddappa says.
Come to the party…
and apologize to Shekhawat.
Or else…
whatever the syndicate decides,
I'll have to follow it.
Let's go.
Whatever the MP says,
is for your own good, dear.
Isn't he the one
who made you
the syndicate president that day?
If he is telling you this,
it must be for your own good.
That's just how I feel.
You know what's best to do.
- Dear!
- Watch out!
Hold on, I'm coming with you!
I think the SP sir
is quite sure that
Pushpa will apologize to him.
If he doesn't…
it will be like, "He didn't do it."
But if he does,
it'll be like, "Why did he do it?"
Watch out.
Dear…
Hey, Pushpa!
How are you?
Do you remember me?
Are you here to apologize?
I'm here to watch.
Mr. Kupparaju.
Sir.
When he apologizes,
it should be heard by everyone.
- Stop the song.
- Okay, sir.
Stop it.
Stop the song.
Pushpa?
Tell him.
What's there to think for two words?
Go on.
Pushpa!
People are waiting.
Hey, Pushpa!
Enough!
You've already had too much.
Leave it.
Shekhawat sir…
Sorry.
There you go.
He apologized.
Sorry.
She said it!
Mr. Siddappa, Pushpa apologized!
Sorry.
He apologized!
That's it.
Now the syndicate is safe.
- Mr. Kupparaju!
- Sir?
Isn't it great?
Pushpa, she apologized!
Not "she apologized," sir.
"He apologized."
Mr. Kupparaju, if Pushpa fires,
then it's "he apologized."
But since Pushpa turned into a flower,
it's "she apologized."
This is right!
- Sorry.
- She apologized!
- Hey.
- Macha.
Did we do the right thing?
Yes, macha.
- Yes?
- Yes.
- What do you say, dear?
- Dear.
Was that right?
Yes, dear.
Whatever you do
is in the best interest of the syndicate.
After we left…
- they would have laughed, right?
- Why would they, macha?
They would have.
Thinking my pride has been crushed.
A lot of people have been waiting
to see Pushpa back down.
Everyone has it on the inside.
When someone is on top,
the rest will be anticipating their fall.
In our case, that feeling intensifies.
But I must say…
Mangalam Srinu and Daksha
never expected you to apologize.
They thought
they'd get back the syndicate.
They were shocked
when you apologized!
What about you?
Macha?
Were you shocked?
No, macha.
Why?
Why weren't you shocked?
Did you expect me to apologize?
Pushpa would stoop low
for money, and say it.
Do you feel that way?
I'm the kind of man who'd quit a job
just because they told me
not to cross my legs.
Wasn't that the reason
for you to follow me?
Yes, macha.
Then how did you expect me to apologize?
That Mangalam Srinu is better than you.
He didn't think I'd apologize.
He was genuinely shocked.
- But you weren't.
- No, macha. That's not what I meant.
I did get the shock, macha.
Drop the act.
It doesn't look good.
I apologized, right?
That's why you take me for a fool.
No, macha.
What, dear, do you feel the same about me?
Oh, dear! What are you saying?
- Everyone thinks the same.
- Tell him.
There.
I find myself looking like a fool.
This isn't right.
Pushpa can't live like this.
Macha, what happened?
What's happening, Kesava?
Srivalli vadina.
I'm not at all shocked by this.
I knew this would happen.
I expected the car
to turn back at Enuguloya.
Right, Kesava.
It happened a bit later.
I'd forgive anyone who'd apologize.
We're best friends now.
- Tomorrow, we can discuss the commission.
- Sure.
- Bye.
What's this, dear?
He said sorry and left,
and this guy accepted it.
Why are we still here?
Let's leave.
There he is!
He must not return, Daksha.
If he does, it's going to get messy.
Hey! What is it, man?
What happened?
What are you doing?
I'm urinating.
Can't you see?
Where's Shekhawat? Shekha…
- Oh, God! Get him out!
- Get him!
Get him out!
Come out.
- What have you done, Pushpa?
- Hold this.
And you are shamelessly urinating!
One should feel shy to apologize,
not to urinate.
Sorry, sir!
Sir… sorry.
- Sorry.
- Careful, sir.
Sir…
Come, sir. Careful.
Sorry.
- The coat…
- Sir, jacket.
Your jacket, sir.
I worked hard to set everything right!
But you came back to mess everything up.
What the hell is this?
What setting are you talking about, sir?
Getting me to apologize to him?
He's a filthy idiot
who'd beg for respect.
Such a filthy--
Sorry, ladies.
I can't hold back my cursing.
Please go back.
Hey, that is dirty water!
Get a pipe. Quick!
How should a police officer be?
- What's his name?
- Who, boss?
The one with a tilak.
- Gov…
- Govindappa!
If he were a sincere officer like
Govindappa, I wouldn't just apologize.
I'd even salute him.
Hey! You should salute too!
- Is vadina here?
- She's in the car.
Let her stay there.
What about you all?
Are you all here to witness
what it's like when Pushpa apologizes?
You witnessed it, right?
This is how!
The mind would--
What's this, ladies?
- Please go. I can't hold back my cursing.
- Go away.
There's nothing wrong
with swearing at him.
It's just wrong
to swear at him in front of you.
- Sorry.
- Go back.
- Go.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir?
Why did I jump in the swimming pool?
The car hit you accidentally
and you fell in the pool.
He apologized and left, right?
Why is he still here?
He was…
saying something
to the syndicate members.
Who was that?
Who wanted the syndicate president
to be changed?
Did you all choose me for that position?
Mangalam Srinu brother.
The tiger!
Tiger Mangalam Srinu brother.
Everyone used to shiver
even to speak in front of him.
What, Srinu brother?
He used to siphon off
five million per ton.
But no one had the guts
to question him.
- Did you ever ask?
- No.
Well, I did.
I went to his house
and made him pee his pants.
I showed him that
Pushpa isn't a flower, but fire.
What, brother?
That's how I rose to this level.
You didn't bestow this on me.
- Can you smell that?
- Why would there be any, sir?
- Because he urinated on me.
- No, sir.
He urinated on me. Didn't he?
I know, Mr. Kupparaju!
Gun!
- Sir…
- Hey, give me the gun!
- That bloody…
- Sir! Sir!
I also have a gun!
- I'm ready to--
- Hey!
That's what pride is all about!
Everyone must see the real Shekhawat.
Fire it!
This guy killed Bicha Reddy, sir.
- I'm not sparing him.
- Why would he kill Bicha Reddy?
He jumped to his death.
Prove your manliness now!
- Fire at him!
- No, sir.
- Pushpa! Kill me first!
- I won't spare you.
I don't want to see any of this.
Pushpa, why lock horns with the police?
You've got a load
worth billions of rupees.
What would happen to the syndicate
if something were to happen to it?
"You've got a load
worth billions of rupees.
What would happen to the syndicate
if something were to happen to it?"
It will collapse.
What will Pushpa become?
He'll become a coolie.
Nice!
Sounds nice!
I'll seize the entire stock.
I'll guard Seshachalam like a fence.
I'll filter the forest
and I'll make him a coolie again.
Why all these words
instead of just killing him?
Did he kill me?
But I still died.
In the same way, I won't kill him.
But he should be dead.
He must die a coolie.
Superb!
That's what I call a challenge!
Listen up now.
On Monday morning,
precisely at 4:11 a.m.,
two thousand tons of load
will pass through the Chennai border.
Catch me if you have the guts, Shekhawat.
Even if you
get hold of just one small log,
I'll walk away from this syndicate.
With an ax on my shoulder once again,
I'll take up a job
as a coolie in the forest.
This sounds really good.
Hey, come here.
Record this.
Catch me if you--
Catch me if you have the guts, Shekhawat.
You all join me.
Catch me--
Hey! Say it!
Catch us if you have the guts, Shekhawat!
If you do, we'll leave the syndicate.
With an ax on my shoulder,
I'll take on work
as a coolie in the forest!
We'll take on work
as coolies in the forest!
There!
Now, I can see myself clearly.
I'm never backing down!
Turn it. Block the road.
Make it fast! Make it fast!
We've reached, sir.
We surely can't miss them.
Yes, sir.
- Sir!
Did you block all the routes?
Yes, sir. We blocked all the routes.
We have left no stone unturned.
- Isn't it, Sandeep?
- Varadaiahpalem?
Along with the check posts,
we've set up beats.
- We have blocked everything.
- There's no way they can escape.
Pushpa…
What was that sound?
You just threw a bottle…
A bottle falling into a river
should make a burbling sound.
The bottle probably hit a rock
in the river and broke.
Why will there be a rock in the river?
It's dried up since it is summer now.
If there's no water in the river,
lorries need not take the road.
The lorries are not moving
along the roads.
They're wading through the river!
Super plan, macha!
That Shekhawat would never guess
we'd be traveling through the river.
The policemen are nowhere to be seen!
- All teams, alert!
- Sir!
- Copy that, sir!
- Lorries are not taking the road.
They're wading through the river!
Hey, not here!
Everyone, get into the river!
Come on! Move it!
All units, come in!
Move, move!
Fast!
You're taking
the Mathalakonda route, correct?
Yes, macha!
The truck must follow
the route I specified.
And cross the border as fast as possible.
Sir, we spotted the lorries in the river!
Where?
We're two kilometers
away from Mathalakonda.
Cheetah One, come in!
All units move to Mathalakonda!
- Alpha Two responding, sir.
- Okay, sir. We will follow it.
- Yes, Kesava?
- Get the boss on the line. Now!
- Okay. Boss.
- Police spotted us, macha!
- What should we do?
- Where are you?
We've crossed Guvvalakona.
- One more batch is approaching us.
- Hang up. I'll handle it.
- Hello?
- Veeresam.
- Boss.
- Hey, Malkonda.
Yes, boss?
Are our men ready?
Hey! Stop the vehicle!
Stop, stop!
Stop it!
Stop!
Back!
- Hey!
- Move the truck!
Beta One! What's the situation?
What is happening?
They've locked us on the bridge, sir.
The trucks are crossing Guvvalakona.
Alpha Two, what's the situation there?
We've been blocked by elephants.
The trucks are going towards Uthakota.
- Elephants?
- Yes, sir.
Alpha Three, the trucks are
heading towards Uthakota.
Jump, die, do whatever it takes,
but catch them!
Boss! The police vehicles
are in the river following us!
- You're crossing Uthakota, right?
- Yes, macha!
- Hello?
- Someshu.
Keep going! Keep going!
- Fast!
- Come on!
Check them! Come on!
All the teams are done in, macha!
The police are swimming in Uthakota!
We are just four kilometers
away from the border!
Get to the road
- at Puttingi Madugu as planned.
- Okay, macha!
END OF CHITTOOR
Hey! Stop!
In Chittoor's Puttur region
Lies Renigunta town
There, the Saturday fair
Brings all around!
Kesava!
Boss, he got him.
Shekhawat is obstructing the road
with bullock carts, macha.
Hey!
What's with the sound of gunfire?
- He's firing, macha.
- Do this.
Macha…
Jump now!
Macha?!
- Jump off the vehicles!
- How can we jump with so much goods?
The goods are not important to me.
You guys are.
Ask everyone to jump.
The boss asked all of us
to jump out of the vehicles!
Okay, brother!
Guys! Jump!
Shekhawat sir… sorry.
Catch us if you have the guts, Shekhawat!
If you do, we'll leave the syndicate
Sir, please don't drink.
There's a press meet outside.
If we tell them we captured these goods,
they'll think I'm drunk.
That's why…
Sir.
I'll get drunk and talk.
Morning. Please come.
- Sir! Sir!
- Where did you catch this load?
Where did you get this information from?
- Wait, wait.
- Sir.
Tell us, sir.
- Sir!
- In the history of Chittoor district,
this is the first time
such a huge amount of goods
have been confiscated.
- Sir.
- It's a big achievement by the police.
- This is what you need to print.
- Sir, please.
- I need not say it.
- Singi Reddy!
- Boss.
Call the MP and ask him to arrange
a syndicate meeting.
My husband will be in charge
of the syndicate from now on.
That coolie should not be
anywhere near the syndicate.
- Alright.
- Hey, Daksha.
Yes, dear?
What is it?
You confiscated the goods.
When will you arrest the smuggler?
Sir.
- What we seized isn't red sandalwood, sir.
- What smuggler?
This smuggler?
- Or this smuggler?
- Sir.
Or is it this smuggler?
Sir, sir.
Do you mean to say that
Pushpa is behind all this?
- What's your name?
- Sorry?
- Minnu Uma Devi, sir.
- What's your name?
- Reddyraju Sitaram Raju, sir.
- Sir…
- Tell me the full name.
- Then I'll arrest him.
- But, sir…
- Sir…
- Thank you! Thank you!
Is it true?
All of you wait outside.
- Ask the press to leave as well.
- Go outside.
- Move!
- Leave.
- Hey, go outside.
- Hey, tell them to stop.
Isn't this red sandalwood?
No. It's sandra.
What's sandra?
Just like you and my husband
look like men,
that too only looks like sandalwood.
But it's not real sandalwood.
Srinu?
I can't tell the difference!
Sandra is only red on the surface.
Sandalwood is red even on the inside.
This won't sell for even
10,000 rupees per ton in the market!
Brother, the goods have
crossed the border.
Murugan called to inform us.
Even an ant can't cross the forest
without my permission!
How did the goods pass through?
Sir!
We found this during last night's raid.
GOVERNMENT OF ANDHRA PRADESH
FOREST DEPARTMENT
RED SANDALWOOD WAREHOUSE
Sir!
He's asking you to shove this!
No, Mr. Kupparaju.
He's saying that the red sandalwood
reached Chennai.
Oh! That's your understanding?
Sir, he's calling you dumb.
Mr. Kupparaju, he is not speaking Telugu.
I'm understanding this
just as much as you are.
You don't need to explain it to me.
Pushpa sent this for you, sir.
Oh!
Sir, he's calling you a red flower.
He only said flower.
Please don't add color.
This is just a flower.
Not one flower?
Three, it seems, macha.
Three flowers.
These flowers!
- What did he say?
- I can't tell you.
What else! He might have said
that he fooled him!
He's asking him to pack his bags
and leave for Rajasthan!
I don't get it, sir.
The goods crossed the state border
but didn't leave the country.
I'll confiscate those goods
and bring them back here.
I'll prove that
what I seized is red sandalwood.
He'll surely not get it.
Sir, he understood.
He says you can't beat him.
He vowed to leave the syndicate
if we confiscated one log.
We got an entire cart.
Mr. Kupparaju!
Hey, coolie! Coolie!
Coolie. Hey, coolie!
- Come here.
- Why is he calling him back?
It'll be dangerous if he comes back.
You swore to leave the syndicate
if I got even one log.
I've confiscated an entire cart!
Coolie! You're a coolie.
With an ax on your shoulder
Take on work as a coolie in the forest!
Coolie!
Did you think…
Pushpa means flower?
Fire, right?
I know.
No!
Wildfire!
Mr. Srinu, arrange an urgent
meeting for me.
- With whom?
- The game hasn't ended, Mr. Srinu.
It's only just beginning!
Look there! Uncle!
- I'll be right back, Mom.
- No, Kaveri!
Kaveri, your dad will be upset!
- Uncle!
- Kaveri!
Uncle, look!
Do you remember this chain?
Grandpa gave it to you.
I wore it.
- How are you, Kaveri?
- I'm good, Auntie.
- Are you studying well, dear?
- Yes, Auntie.
Uncle, look.
Tell me if you want it.
I'll give it to you.
See that, Auntie? I always call him
"Uncle," but he simply ignores me.
- He doesn't even respond.
- Nothing of that sort.
He acts like that on the outside,
but he's always happy to see you.
Come here.
- Srivalli!
- What happened, Srivalli?
- Auntie!
- What happened?
- Get a chair!
- Hey, get a chair.
- Srivalli, look here.
- Keep it here.
Open your eyes.
- What happened?
- Let her get some fresh air.
Wait…
- She had been fasting since morning.
- Srivalli.
Srivalli.
All the men, please step outside!
Pushpa, step aside.
- Move it!
- Go, Pushpa.
- Take care.
- Go.
- I'll take care of her.
- Srivalli.
Did you get your period this month?
How long has it been since the last one?
You didn't pass out from mere fatigue.
It's all because of Pushpa's romance!
What are you saying?
What are you talking about?
Parvathamma, you're going
to be a grandmother!
Srivalli.
- Hey!
- Hail Goddess Gangamma!
The man to beat Pushpa is on the way!
The real celebrations start now!
- Hail Goddess Gangamma!
- Guys, let's get some sweets.
- Vadina, have this.
Where's Pushpa?
With her feet adorned in red mehendi
She came to rule us
Gango Renuka Thalli!
With black kohl, she graces us
With jingling anklets, she leads us
Gango Renuka Thalli!
- Draped in vibrant sari
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- She entered the village
- Adorned with jasmine
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- She brings in the festivities
- With tangedu blooms
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- She leaps into color
- With nose rings shining
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- She rules all three worlds
- She looks ahead
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- With three hundred eyes
- She looks back
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
- With two hundred eyes
Who is a greater goddess than you
In this entire world?
What do we have to offer
As our humble naivedhyam to you?
Answer our cries
Bless us with your boons, O Mother!
Protect us, your children
Dear Mother!
Gango Renuka Thalli!
What's this, dear?
Why are you doing this?
What's with the costume and dancing?
If I dress as a woman
and perform before the Goddess,
our wishes will be granted.
What did you wish for, dear?
You are Pushpa Raj!
People come to you
when they need something.
But what do you need, dear?
What did you wish for?
I prayed for a daughter.
Why should it make a difference
whether it's a boy or a girl?
It doesn't matter.
If I have a son,
I'm just a coolie who can't even
pass on a surname to him.
If I have a daughter…
she'll eventually go to another home…
and take their surname.
That's why I wore this costume.
People say he's rough and tough
But to me, he's a tender soul
The world thinks he's stubborn
But to me, he's a king
His words may be sharp
But his heart is soft
Who knows the god within him
Better than I do?
He looks like a spark of fire, my man
Soft like a cotton flower
A child, my man
You see anger in his reddened eyes
But only I see the hidden tears
You only notice his fierce mustache
I see the smile hiding behind it
You see him
Stride like a tiger in the wild
But only Srivalli knows him
Coming home tired and resting in her lap
He looks like a spark of fire, my man
He is soft like a cotton flower
A child, my man
A nobleman who gives away grand gifts
But begs me for kisses, so humble
The man handles big tasks with ease
Yet, he needs me
To find his shirt, how amusing!
He stands up against many men outside
But he won't leave the house
Without me crossing his path first
He looks like a spark of fire, my man
With such a wonderful husband
Any girl would feel like a queen
Hey!
Hey, dude!
Is this a woman
or a man dressed as a woman?
- Take a look.
- Look.
- This one's surely a man.
- Hey!
You crazy idiot!
Have you gone blind?
Can't you tell a man and a woman apart?
Hey, girl.
Is this your boyfriend?
Hey!
I'll smack you with a slipper!
Is it a duplicate?
It looks like an original.
Where did you buy it?
It's original, bro.
No. It's a duplicate.
I doubt it.
Dude! Hold her!
I'll remove her sari.
- Yeah.
- I'm holding her. You remove it.
- Come on!
- Let go of me.
- Let go!
- Go ahead, Bugga.
We'll find out once we remove it
and take a look.
Let go!
Hey!
- Gango Renuka Thalli!
You said your uncle
doesn't care for you, right?
Watch how he unleashes his fierce side
when someone messes with you!
Hey! Let him go.
He might die.
Everyone witnessed your heroism.
What now?
Do you think taking them all down
makes you one of us?
Dad!
No matter how many schemes you pull,
you'll never earn our surname.
You'll always remain just Pushpa Raj.
Dad! Why are you saying such things?
They misbehaved with me.
Do you know what would have
happened if Uncle hadn't shown up?
Oh, God!
Who's your uncle?
This is your uncle!
Born to my mother and father.
I didn't lose my honor
when they harassed you.
I lost it when you called him
"Uncle" in front of everyone!
Hey! What is this?
Is that really how you treat someone
who saved your daughter?
What? He saved her?
He was looking for such an opportunity.
An opportunity came,
and not only did he dress as a woman,
but he also played the role of an uncle.
He's behaving like
he's the one who rescued her.
Hey, big man!
- Hey…
- Does all this look like a drama to you?
Not just your daughter.
My husband would save
any woman in such a situation!
That's his principle.
Make some sense with your words.
What a life!
- Srivalli, respect his age.
- Please be quiet, Mother.
You may remain silent
when he speaks ill of your son.
But if someone messes with my husband,
I won't spare them!
After all the good he's done for them,
does he deserve their disrespect?
Hey! When my husband's eyes turn red,
the entire Chittoor district
trembles with fear!
I saw tears in those eyes…
only because of you.
Even the other day,
when he came to see me for our wedding,
this man brought tears
to my husband's eyes.
Even today,
when I told him
we were going to have a child…
Any husband would feel elated.
But my husband… cried.
All because of you.
Dear…
pull yourself together.
You're carrying a child.
Stay quiet, Mom!
How long are you going to keep
dwelling on the surname?
Who cares about your surname?
Those without a name need a surname!
The entire village is living
on my husband's name!
- Who are you?
- Pushpa's manager.
- You?
- Pushpa's friend.
- What about you?
- Pushpa's driver.
- You?
- Part of Pushpa's gang.
No one tells you their actual name here.
They call themselves Pushpa's man.
Forget all this.
Who is he?
Pushpa's elder brother.
Just great!
This is my husband!
Hey!
Pushpa isn't just a name.
Pushpa is a brand!
- Auntie.
- Hey!
Enough with your relations!
They're here, right?
Call them all you want.
Let him go!
Let them settle this!
Come, let's go!
Dear…
shall we leave?
Oh, my!
Shekhawat has neatly organized all
the duplicate stuff to match the original.
Hey, Shekhawat.
Like you said,
I've brought in one ton of the stuff.
What will you do with it?
I will use this stuff
to get hold of the original one.
I don't understand.
The stuff has crossed the state border
but it hasn't left the country.
Wherever the stuff is,
I will find it and keep it here.
I'll prove that…
what I seized is red sandalwood.
Hey, what are you doing?
When will you do all this?
You're trending on the TV and paper
for seizing such a huge amount
of red sandalwood.
Your lies will be out in the open
when the inspection committee arrives.
This is red sandalwood.
Original. A grade.
What were you saying, Daksha?
The inspection committee's
coming in the afternoon…
to check whether
this is red sandalwood or not.
I am asking
how you are going to manage it.
I won't be managing the committee.
The committee will be coming to manage me.
- Sir, why are you heading inside?
- Sir, what are you going to do now?
What?
The visiting committee…
will only test this stuff.
This is a physical test.
While drilling,
if the powder is red till the end then…
- Yes.
- it's one hundred percent red sandalwood.
The kerosene's color didn't change…
- that means it is original red sandalwood.
- Okay.
They will certify it
stating that the entire stuff
is red sandalwood.
All the red sandalwood samples
brought in are of A grade.
Our whole team believes
that the red sandalwood is A grade.
Until we find the original stuff,
we will make them believe
that this is the original red sandalwood.
The seized red sandalwood will be
auctioned as per the procedure.
We'll hand over the amount
to the government treasury.
- Sir, Pratap Reddy's on the line.
- You seized red sandalwood worth crores!
- Sir, this is a breaking news!
- Sir, how proud does this make you feel?
Yes, brother. Tell me.
What's this circus on TV, Siddappa?
The police have seized the stuff.
How will you bring the money now?
I've already spoken to everyone, man.
No, brother.
Pushpa said that
the load has already reached.
That's what I don't understand.
Pushpa!
PRAJA CHAITANYA PARTY OFFICE
What does that coolie have to lose?
- Switch on the camera!
- Be ready!
If something goes wrong,
he'll just go to the forest with an axe.
Pushpa…
The public won't even spare
our party flag.
Pushpa's here.
I'll talk to Pushpa and get back to you.
What is this, Pushpa? What is Shekhawat
blabbering in front of the press?
That's not the truth.
He's proven that what he's seized
is in fact red sandalwood.
No, it's sandra.
Then where's the original?
Wherever it is…
It's ready to cross the border.
How can we believe that it is sandra
after we sent the stuff
risking our lives
and with so much planning?
He believed that it was red sandalwood
because we sent it that way.
I heard that there was a big party
at Mangalam Srinu's house last night.
Even Murugan was present at the party.
Apparently Murugan
and Shekhawat had a long talk.
If that was sandra, then why would
Murugan attend the party?
No, brother.
He had challenged that if the stuff gets
seized he would leave the syndicate.
Then tell him to leave it.
He's still in that "fair" mood.
Be careful.
I said that it isn't sandalwood.
Can't you understand?
If it had been sandalwood,
would I be this relaxed?
If that is red sandalwood…
then I don't want a single penny.
What if it is sandra?
Then don't ask us for your share
in the stuff that we have.
Alright.
You have the real stuff.
We're all very close here.
- Just tell us where the stuff is!
- Mr. Siddappa!
You guys might have a good bond.
But we need proof of where our stuff is.
- Yes, we do!
- We do!
- We need proof!
- Yes, we want proof.
Get him to tell us where our stuff is!
- Make him tell us!
We need proof!
If I reveal where the stuff is, it would
be like whispering it in Shekhawat's ear.
That's what he wants as well.
He's weaving this tale
to get it out of us.
That sir…
Pushpa.
Everyone gave you the stuff
because they trust you.
As a president of the syndicate…
it's your job to make them believe.
It's difficult to get each of them
to believe at the level I'm at.
There's no truth in business.
There's just trust.
Things here will only happen
if there's trust.
If I am saying that this is a red shirt…
then you have to believe
that it is a red shirt!
- What color shirt is this?
- Red color!
This is what you call business!
Jakka Reddy,
I'll put my faith in you
and show you where the stuff is.
But I'll only show it to you.
- Hey, Kesava!
- Macha.
Call me once they all agree.
I'm leaving.
Siddappa… whoever believes that brother's
wearing a red shirt, call me.
Even I'll leave.
They hold meetings for trivial reasons!
What kind of business is this?
Mr. CS, what are you following?
Whatever it is,
resolve the issues
without my interference.
I'll initiate the process
and get it done immediately, sir.
What's all this in a cabinet meeting?
Sir.
Hey, Srinu.
How are you doing?
- I'm fine, sir.
- Greetings, sir.
What? Siddappa?
I've known Siddappa for 30 years.
He's not capable of something like that.
Someone else is pulling the strings
behind the scenes, sir.
Pushpa Raj.
Pushpa?
The boy once came to meet me.
He also wanted a photo, but I refused.
If you hadn't, the matter
wouldn't have come this far.
Sir, a five billion deal
was closed with Pratap Reddy.
Yes, sir. 110 MLAs are busy negotiating
with Siddappa and Pushpa.
If the goods are sold and the money
comes in, Pushpa will buy off MLAs.
And Siddappa will become the CM.
Are you implying that
I'll become the ex-CM?
Are you sure you're thinking straight?
You stirred up drama in the media
saying you confiscated red sandalwood.
Are you acting because they'll find out
it's not sandalwood and you'll get caught?
Alright, sir.
Let's meet again during
Siddappa's swearing-in ceremony.
- Listen…
- Hey!
Wait.
You've got a point.
I sensed danger the moment I found out
we were getting so much money
from the syndicate.
What do I do now?
The SP was hoping
you'd speak to the Tamil Nadu CM
and get the support of the local police.
I don't believe anything before I see it.
First, locate the goods
and show them to me.
I'll believe it then.
Where are the goods?
The only person who knows
the location of the goods is Jakka Reddy.
We followed him.
We got to know
that the goods are in Rameshwaram.
RAMESHWARAM
TAMIL NADU
We need to seize it
before it crosses the country.
MP sir! I'm in Rameshwaram,
and the goods are safe.
- Tell our syndicate members not to worry.
- Jakka Reddy!
Come.
- I'll call you back.
- Hey!
Come.
What are they saying?
Sri Lanka, 18 kilometers!
Eighteen kilometers!
We'll go, right?
That close.
POLICE
Move! Get out of the way!
Did Charlie come into contact?
No, sir. His phone has been
switched off since morning.
- What are you searching for?
- Sir?
Not small fish.
What I need is a whale!
- Alpha Three calling.
- Did you find something?
Check everywhere.
There's nothing other than
fishing nets in these boats, sir.
There's nothing in this boat either.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
What is an Arabic container doing here?
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
Do you see that container in the distance?
- Yes, sir.
- Ask them to check it.
Ponnusami come in.
Sir. There's nothing boxes in here.
Check it thoroughly.
Don't let that car escape. Stop it.
Hey, come this way.
Come on, guys.
Come on.
These guys are all here.
That means the stuff is here as well.
We've checked thoroughly.
Only the ocean is left.
Let's check that too.
- Sir!
Hey, Kupparaju! Catch them!
- Tamil Nadu Police!
- Come on!
Sir is here. Go fast!
- Fast! Fast!
- Come on, sir.
- Come, sir.
- Sir.
- Fast! Follow!
- Come on!
Follow!
Fast! Come on, hurry!
Hey! Why are you stopping?
- Sri Lanka border.
- Sri Lanka border, sir.
But those boats are going!
Those are fishing boats, sir.
They have permission, we don't.
- So what?
- Sir! Sir!
International border, sir.
We could land in trouble.
I don't see any borders.
I see only boats, Mr. Kupparaju.
- No, sir.
- Please, sir! We'll land in trouble!
- Hey!
- Stop!
- Go back!
- Hey!
What are you doing?
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
You're not allowed to cross the border.
Or we'll have to shoot.
- Sorry!
- You better turn back.
- You guys don't have the permission.
- Sorry!
- We aren't crossing.
- This is an international border.
Turn around and be on your way.
Sir. The boats have reached Sri Lanka.
Already?
It was eighteen kilometers from
there, but only six from here, sir.
Sir, we'll land in trouble!
Sir! Sir!
Sorry!
We're not crossing the border. Sorry.
Sir!
What's this, Mr. Kupparaju?
Don't borders matter to him?
He's on both sides.
Is he some sort of lord?
Oh, God.
What happened, sir?
Finished!
- Yes. Ponnusami.
- There's been an accident, sir.
Accident?
POLICE
Sir, this car fell off
while they were trying to escape.
Sir, Jakka Reddy is dead.
- Oh, the other one's alive.
- Jakka Reddy.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
We did find a big whale.
- Who is it, sir?
- Hameed.
International broker.
If this rod goes
another three inches inside,
you'll be dead.
One question per inch.
Where's all that stuff going?
Japan.
Mr. Kupparaju, Japan!
How's Pushpa going to receive the money?
- Korasoki.
- What's that?
Japanese hawala.
Just like we gave Pushpa half a note…
once the stuff reaches Japan,
The Japanese broker there…
will take the half note from the buyer.
The broker from there
sends the half note
to the local operator.
Pushpa will bring that money from him.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
We'll be finding another whale.
Who's that broker?
Tell me his name.
I'll tell you.
His name--
Does Pushpa know him?
Nobody knows him.
- Only I do.
- No one else?
Why did you kill him
when he was about to reveal his identity?
If he reveals,
Pushpa will come to know his identity.
How would he know, sir?
One of us could tell him.
That guy would reveal it
just for one crore.
For two crores, this guy would reveal it.
- For five crores… you might reveal it.
- Sir, me?
Who knows? For a hundred crore
even I might reveal it.
Pushpa is capable of making me reveal it.
Sir. This guy's still alive.
He'll reveal if he's alive.
You'll listen to it
and pass it on to Pushpa.
And I will…
Mr. Kupparaju.
Did you kill him?
Tamilnadu police!
Big smuggler!
And Mr. Kupparaju shot him!
Do you realize what you've done?
With just one bullet, you've cut
the connection between Pushpa and Japan.
The load has reached Japan.
But, the cash won't come.
What will happen to the syndicate?
What will happen to Siddappa?
Sir, giving it to him.
Macha, Mr. Siddappa is on the line.
Sir.
CM Narasimha Reddy has come
to know about all this.
That's why I've invited
all the MLAs on our side
on the pretext of my granddaughter's
saree function.
They don't seem to listen to us
until we pay at least an advance.
The money would come, right?
Sir, the money will arrive on time.
You'll become the Chief Minister
on the date I announced.
If that doesn't happen,
this Pushpa will stop eating salt.
Ready a container full of red sandalwood.
But why, macha?
If my money is over the seven hills
or over the seven seas,
I'm not letting it go.
Pushpa!
Jump and get him.
Yes, sir!
Greetings, boss.
Do you have any idea who he is
and how he got here from India?
I'll look into it and find out, boss.
You may leave.
Did the cash reach our dealer in India?
Find out.
Okay, boss.
- What's--
- Boss!
Don't shoot!
I apologize for the inconvenience
caused to you.
I promise, this won't happen again.
Your money will be ready
by the time you go back to your country.
How did you ever think
you'd come this far and escape death?
If a human is breathing,
it means he's alive.
If someone like me is breathing,
it means I'm growing to new heights.
A grade…
Tabla piece!
The shape changed but…
it smells the same.
I smell the mud
from Seshachalam Uragayalakonda.
- What's this for?
- An advance for your next load.
Hiroshi.
From now on, these silly notes
won't have any value.
What do we do now?
Pushpa's currency.
Pushpa currency?
The rupee is valid in India.
The yen is valid in Japan.
This is Pushpa's currency.
It's valid across the globe.
From now on,
only once the money arrives,
the wood will be sent.
CHITTOOR
166 K.M
Cheers!
H. JOSEPH
MLA
Y. RAMNATH REDDY
Macha, all the sofas have been dispatched.
Only this one is remaining.
Who do we send this to?
If there's anyone I'm indebted to,
it was only to Jakka Reddy brother.
That day, if he hadn't said
"Hey, Pushpa.
Come and sit here.
Explain it to the MP."
I wouldn't have become
the president of the syndicate.
I wouldn't have made it this far.
I feel disheartened
for losing someone so valueable.
Knowingly or unknowingly…
I became the reason
for the deaths of both your brothers.
And that's troubling me.
I know, you're pretty angry on me.
You've been waiting
for a chance to kill me.
But if you join hands with me
leaving all this behind…
Each time the load is sent out…
three shares of money…
will reach you just like this sofa.
If you seek only my life,
Here…
I also brought a gun along.
Jali Reddy…
It has always been Pushpa who decides
what I do and what the other person does.
But for the first time,
I'm leaving this decision to another.
Do you seek my death?
Or money?
Decide for yourself.
Jali Reddy…
I take it that
you only want to see me dead.
You won my heart the moment
you chose the gun over money.
That's why I'm giving you another chance.
Come to me when you have the strength.
Whenever you come,
Pushpa will be waiting.
I, Bhureddy Siddappa Naidu…
bear true faith and allegiance…
to the Constitution of India,
as established by law…
to uphold the sovereignty
and integrity of India…
As the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh…
take oath in the name of God.
- All hail…
- Siddappa Naidu!
Why is Siddappa Naidu
visiting Pushpa's home
right after becoming
the Chief Minister?
Let's ask him and find out!
Ma'am, Pushpa is like my younger brother.
He invited me over
as soon as I took the oath as the CM.
I'm here because of my brother's wish.
Why make such a drama over all this?
When is the cabinet expansion, sir?
- Seriously! Brother?
- Tell us, sir! Who will make it
to your cabinet, sir?
- Hey, Chintu. What's the date today?
- July 24th. Why?
The CM said he'd come to our house
on July 24th for lunch.
I'm wondering whether to cook
lamb or goat that day.
He randomly said a date
and changed the CM.
You're right!
That's it!
Siddappa is the CM of the state,
and Pushpa Raj is the king.
Stay right there, Pushpa.
I'm coming.
When going to the temple,
one must take the stairs.
Pushpa!
- All hail…
- Siddappa Naidu!
Hey, where's that?
My first signature after becoming the CM.
Transfer of Shekhawat.
Happy?
This may sting us.
If you get him transferred now,
we'll lose our respect.
If he stays,
he'll lose his respect.
Think big at least now, sir.
- You've become the CM.
- Whatever you say, man.
Srivalli, you're flipping state politics
just like you flip dosas in the kitchen!
I became the Chief Minister
only because you asked for a photo.
Thanks!
Greetings, ma'am.
- Oh, my! What a son you've raised!
- Greetings, sir.
I'm not saying this as Siddappa.
I'm saying this as a CM.
- You're a blessed soul.
- Hey, you all go.
Wow! The aroma
of all the dishes is amazing!
- Hey, Kesava, what did you hack today?
- It's a lamb, sir.
Srivalli vadina cooked it!
Please tell me how the curry is, Mr. CM.
Can't you tell just by looking?
Whatever you cook is pure nectar, dear.
- So, syndicate members…
- Dear!
I feel scared of you, dear.
Why's that, dear?
Hey, what happened?
Dear, all I asked for was a photo,
and you ended up changing the CM.
What are you, dear?!
Dear…
women rarely ask for anything,
maybe once in a blue moon.
If a husband can't even fulfill that,
how can he call himself a man?
If our wives hear these words,
we're as good as dead.
- Right, brother.
- Big salute to you, dear.
- I won't ask you for anything ever again.
- Hey, Srivalli.
From now on, ask me for whatever
you need, not your husband.
Oh!
I haven't taken a photo with you yet!
Sir, you could do that after eating.
Man, if you don't take a picture,
the positions are changing overnight.
No, no. You--
Where's that guy, "click"?
- Right here, sir!
- My man!
- Take a photo with Srivalli.
- Yes, sir.
Come, dear.
Pushpa…
why did you pick
July 24th to make me the CM?
Today is my wife Srivalli's birthday.
If not today, when will you become the CM?
Birthday gift!
- Got the photo?
- Yes, sir.
What about the sound?
I got the photo, sir.
It's not just a photo, man.
There should be a "click" sound!
Hey!
If you press the button here,
the former CM should hear
- the "click" sound.
- The "click" sound.
What's this with these "clicks"?
Can't they take photos
without making that sound?
"Click! Click!"
One photo. My wife asked me to pose
with anyone who asked for a photo.
If only I'd listened to her,
I'd be better off today. Hey, move it!
Snap it, snap it, snap away!
Uncle's here
Take a snap
Snap it, snap it, snap away!
Brother-in-law's here
Take a snap
The buddy is here, snap it!
The dude is here, snap it!
The invitees get a snap
So do the party crashers
The good, the bad
The ugly all get a snap
Take photos with them
And stick them in the album
But the one you clicked with me, baby
Keep it hidden safely in your locker!
If these sneaky snaps slip outside
You'll get smacked, oh darling!
You'll get smacked, oh!
Stand beside me and take a perfect shot
But if your hands brush my shoulders…
You'll get smacked!
Alright, wrap your hands around me
But if they get naughty…
You'll get smacked!
Solo photos? No problem!
Colorful photos? No problem!
Let's even take a group photo
No complaints here!
But posting it in public
With silly captions?
You'll get smacked, oh darling!
You'll get smacked, oh!
Any pose will do
Just no exposing, or else…
You'll get smacked!
Any angle's fine, click as you like
But if your mind's in the wrong angle…
You'll get smacked!
Keep the photos safe
Enjoy them leisurely
Feast your eyes and have a blast!
No objections here
But if you edit my face
Tweak and morph it
You'll get smacked, oh darling!
You'll get smacked, oh!
It's over, sir.
Everything is over.
They'll auction it in two or three days.
If they find out this is fake,
it's the end for both of us.
You'll be suspended, and I'll be debarred.
- Mr. Kupparaju.
- Sir.
I just realized there's no difference
between red sandalwood and sandra.
- How's that possible, sir?
- Look here.
Can you tell which is red sandalwood
and which is sandra?
Hold on, sir. Both are just ash, right?
How can we tell?
- Exactly, Mr. Kupparaju.
- Yes, sir.
Whether it's red sandalwood or sandra,
they all burn to become ash.
Correct, sir.
Sandra burns to become ash.
Ash…
Becomes red sandalwood!
You're brilliant, sir!
Let's burn it. I'll bring petrol!
Hey! We got the cans here already!
Oh, you've already poured it?
You're super-fast, sir!
Let's go outside and light it up!
If it burns when we are outside,
they'll call it a conspiracy, Kupparaju.
That's right, sir.
But imagine if we're inside
when it's burning.
- Oh, no!
- They will call it an accident!
No, sir! Let's get out of here!
If I'm alone, they'll get suspicious.
So, please stay back, Kupparaju!
- Stay here. Please.
- Sir!
Sir!
A king's dead body
never leaves alone, Mr. Kupparaju.
- It takes its army with it.
- Sir…
And you're my army!
You're the dead king, and I'm your army?!
What nonsense! You sadistic idiot!
Let me go, you moron!
You are asking me to die, you lunatic!
Hey! You'll be damned!
Catch us if you have the guts, Shekhawat!
If you do…
If you do, I'll leave the syndicate.
Catch us if you have the guts, Shekhawat!
With an ax on your shoulder,
you'll take on work
as a coolie in the forest!
Pushpa! She apologized!
Dear! Where did you go?
I'm right here.
- Do you need something?
- Why are you sleeping on the floor?
If my hand or leg hits you in my sleep,
it could trouble the baby.
That's why I was sleeping on the floor.
Take your hand off, dear.
It's time to get out of bed.
Why get up? Take some rest.
Dear, where are you going?
I'm going to the bathroom, dear.
Will you stay at home
at least after our child is born?
Of course. I'll stay at home.
I'll hand over the business to Kesava…
and I'll retire.
I'll make it my duty
to care for you and the baby.
Macha! Macha!
- What's up, man?
- Come here once, macha.
- Go.
- Coming.
- Mohan--
- Dear…
Your sister-in-law is here.
Someone kidnapped our Kaveri.
When she went to computer class
this morning…
Who the hell are you?
They called Mohan.
They demanded 20 million.
- What happened?
- Be ready with 20 million.
I'll let you know when and where
the transaction will take place.
Where am I supposed
to get 20 million from?
They told your brother to shave
his head and parade around town.
It should be broadcast
on all TV channels at noon.
All the revelers at the fair saw it
when our heads were shaved.
The entire Tirupati must
witness you getting shaved.
I'll do as you say.
Will you let go of my daughter?
Why? Won't you do it
if I don't release her?
They're talking nonsense.
Your brother has no idea what to do.
I'm afraid they might
do something to my daughter.
What is it?
What are you thinking?
She is the daughter of our house.
Do something, Pushpa.
- Hey, Pushpa!
Every family has its share of fights,
but true bonds are shown when
we stand together during tough times.
What is it?
Why don't you say something, Pushpa?
Pushpa…
Why don't you tell him?
Would he listen to me, Auntie?
He'll do as he pleases.
Hey, Pushpa!
Look at him.
Elder sister-in-law!
There's nothing to worry about.
Your daughter is safe now.
Hey, call all the university students
to Annamayya Circle.
Hey, start immediately.
Tell them it's urgent.
Boss already started. Yes.
Hey, tell that other batch.
According to our sources,
the victim is Kaveri, an 18-year-old
student from a local college.
Who is behind the kidnapping?
Why was she targeted?
For more details on this incident,
- our Siti Cable correspondent--
- Move it, lady.
Pushpa will take over.
Turn on all the monitors.
My name is Pushpa.
Pushpa Raj.
- Sir, the camera is this way.
- Then move it over here.
No further introduction is needed
to my name.
So, I'll get straight to the point.
How dare you kidnap her?
How dare you kidnap my daughter?
Are you really that brave?
Hey!
You morons!
Now, listen up closely.
I'll give you an hour from now.
Bring my beloved back
to where you took her from.
It should be as if she just
returned from her computer class.
If my child comes back
with even a little scratch on her…
I'll hack each of you mercilessly
like sacrificial goats
at the Gangamma fair.
I'll hack you all mercilessly!
This should play on all channels
till the girl comes home.
You've heard Pushpa's warning
to the kidnappers.
Hey!
Listen carefully.
I gave those morons one hour.
But you have only 30 minutes
to find my child.
Search every road, lane, and by-lane.
Cover the entire Chittoor district.
Don't leave out an inch.
Set up a check post at every corner.
ANDHRA PRADESH
POLICE
Whether it's a police car or
a politician's, if you suspect something,
stop and check the vehicle.
I'm closing Chittoor's borders
until my child is found.
I'm halting all movement.
Until my child returns,
the government doesn't rule this district!
It's Pushpa's rule.
Sir!
Greetings!
Why the sudden appearance?
Have you got any idea
what's going on in Chittoor?
Chittoor…
Someone abducted Pushpa's
beloved girl. He's burning with rage.
It's not just "someone."
- It's my nephew, Bugga Reddy.
- What are you saying?
The only heir to our Kogatam family.
He gambles with all the money
my brother and I earn.
He was arrested for rape recently
but was released on bail.
- Hey, dude!
- Hey!
Kesava, put Pushpa on the phone.
Macha, it's the CM.
Sir.
Central Minister Pratap Reddy's nephew
took the girl.
That moron!
Is it?
Then call up Pratap Reddy
and tell him my child
should be returned unscathed.
If not, I'll have to kill him.
Lives will be lost for no reason.
Hey, Pushpa!
What are you talking about?
I'm asking you
not to get involved in this.
But you never truly
saw each other as brothers.
Why are you doing all this now?
But my child always
considered me her uncle.
She must be waiting for me to rescue her.
She called me "Uncle" several times,
but I couldn't answer her calls.
If I don't respond now,
what value would that call hold?
Pushpa, do you have any idea
who you're locking horns with?
You think Pratap Reddy got to the top
just by mining?
He buried anyone
who stood in his way to the top.
If he decides, will either
you or I even survive?
Really, sir?
- Would it be such a huge problem?
- Yes, man! That's what I'm saying!
So… what do you suggest I do?
Let go of this matter, man.
Why get into this mess?
Abandon her?
Yes, Pushpa.
- That's what's best for all of us.
- Alright, sir.
I'll leave her.
Alright then.
To hell with Pratap Reddy!
To hell with Prabhu Reddy and his brother!
Even the Central Minister!
None of them matter to me!
And you? Are you some Chief Minister
telling me to abandon my child?
Let go!
If they harm my child in any way,
tell Pratap Reddy they won't even
find a scrap of their bodies.
Damn you!
What kind of Chief Minister is he
to ask me to abandon the girl?
I unnecessarily made him the CM.
To hell with them!
"To hell with Siddappa! To hell with
Pratap Reddy! To hell with everyone!"
Brother.
Pushpa is sure to kill Bugga Reddy.
He controls all of Chittoor.
Even I'm helpless.
We must find Bugga before
Pushpa does. Call your brother.
Hey, Prasad! Call up Subba Reddy!
I know his usual hideouts, brother.
I'm going there.
What's the matter?
Hey.
I'll hack each of you mercilessly
like sacrificial goats.
Bro! The girl is awake.
- If you begin, Kranti and I will--
- Hey!
Don't do anything to the girl.
She cannot be harmed.
What's up, Bugga?
Are you scared?
Just a little.
Brother.
It's me who kidnapped that girl.
It's me.
I'll unleash hell on all of you!
Where's the girl?
Brother, we had no idea
the girl was related to Pushpa.
- We just saw it on TV.
- Whose call is it?
- Since he too is involved…
- Track the location.
we called you thinking you'd
give the money and take her.
Where the hell are you guys?
Where do we meet you?
We don't trust anyone.
I want to speak to Pushpa directly.
Put him on the phone.
- Hey, this is Pushpa. What is it?
- Brother.
Nothing, brother.
We did it due to a dire need for money.
- Please don't think otherwise.
- Find out where they are.
Place. Ask for the location.
What's 20 million for you?
Give us 100 million for the girl, brother.
- Where do you want me to come?
- Inform the pilot to come.
Where should I come?
I'll tell you. But don't tell anyone.
And you must come alone.
Hey! I mean every word
I'm saying right now.
If I find so much as
a scratch on my child,
I will take all your heads without mercy!
Start the bikes, guys!
You guys go towards Chittoor.
Mother Gangamma will take care
of what is right and what is wrong.
If anything happens to the girl,
make sure that none of them…
is spared.
See you.
Macha, tell us the location!
Macha!
We are at the Annamayya circle now.
Mulleti Mohan Rao,
Kaveri's father, has just arrived.
What are the kidnappers' demands?
What is he up to? What's going
to happen? Stay tuned to Siti Cable.
Brother, cheer up.
Your daughter will be back
before that knife touches your head.
Who do you think
has gone to bring her back?
- Pushpa.
- Hey!
- Is there a sale in Tirupati?
- Why, man?
The elder one is shaving his head,
and the younger one is coming to rescue.
- Where's my daughter?
- Will you send a note? She's inside.
But there's a gun pointed at the girl.
If you fire here,
the gun will go off there.
- Hey, Puli!
- Brother.
Fire the gun once.
That was in the air, brother.
If you hurry…
- he'll aim for the head.
- Step out!
Get off!
Leave!
Pratap Reddy's nephew.
You can't be doing this just for cash.
What do you really want?
Look, man!
Pushpa has figured it out!
No one becomes a big shot just like that.
Nothing, brother. The boys are upset
about getting beaten up at the festival.
Money can fix needs,
but can it ever erase humiliation?
Let's beat him up, Bugga.
We'll get even.
He can then safely take his child.
- What say, boys?
- Yes, brother!
Why isn't he retorting?
Brother loves his child a lot.
That's why he's silent.
Hey!
That day, he was all dressed up
when he beat us up.
Today, it feels like a different person.
It doesn't feel the same.
Is that so?
- Hey!
- Bro.
- Go to the deity and bring that sari.
- Okay.
What's up, Bugga?
Did you call me to kill someone here?
Hey! What's all this?
Is this real currency?
- Oh, my!
- Bro.
What's the matter?
- Greetings, brother.
- Greetings.
Who's this?
Why is he dressed up like this?
Pushpa!
What have you done?
Do you have any idea
who you are messing with?
You are this close to death!
Get back!
Sorry, brother.
The boys made a mistake.
Pushpa has the entire state in his pocket.
Do you think you'd still be alive
if you dared to harm him?
Hey, bring the ropes.
Tie him up!
Hold his arms.
Do you have any idea
how dangerous he is?
Hey!
You jackasses invited your own death!
Hey, Dhamma.
Simply tying up his hands isn't enough.
Have you forgotten what you saw
in the forest that day?
Tie up his legs! His legs!
Tie them up!
Fast.
- Harder.
- He's too scared.
He's still conscious.
Hey! His hands and feet are tied.
What can he even do now?
As long as he's drawing breath,
he'll take ours away!
Give me a knife.
- Hold on, man.
- What?
How can we just kill him?
The real fun begins now.
Hey, Puli!
- Brother.
- Bring the girl.
Lift him up.
Uncle!
Dear…
are you alright?
Pushpa, I already told you
that she is alright!
She's exactly as she was
when we brought her here.
He doesn't believe us. Hey!
Remove her sari and show him.
The other day, he beat us up badly
for simply pulling her sari.
- Let's see what he does now.
- No, don't do it.
Here, I'm taking it off.
Putting it back.
Taking it off. Putting it back.
Hey, stop!
Not up there, Bugga.
I think he suspects
we hurt her somewhere else.
- Hey, lift her sari.
- Okay, bro.
Hey! Stop.
What did you say?
If you find so much as
a scratch on your child,
you will take all our heads without mercy?
Uncle!
Hey!
No mercy!
Putting it in! Taking it off!
Putting it in!
Taking it off!
Putting it in! Taking it off!
Putting it in!
No mercy!
Hey, Kesava.
You remember what I said, right?
Yes, sir. I remember.
I'm telling this for the sake of Pushpa
and his safety. Understand?
Yes, sir.
No mercy!
Hey, Samba!
Kesava, you need to stop this at any cost.
Yes, sir.
Girl, are you alright?
Stop, macha!
Please listen to me!
- I won't spare you!
- Let's talk this out.
Macha! Let him go.
Our girl is fine. Right?
Please listen to me, macha!
- Uncle, stop! Let go of him!
- I won't spare you!
Uncle!
- Uncle! Uncle!
- Macha! Macha!
- Uncle!
- Macha!
Macha!
Get up! Go away!
CM sir, Bugga Reddy is fine.
Ask Mr. Pratap Reddy to relax.
Put Bugga on the phone.
Pratap Reddy wants to speak to him.
CM sir…
Bugga Reddy is going away.
Call back after five minutes.
What happened?
Hey, Kesava!
Whoever it is,
if they lay a hand on a girl…
No mercy!
Bugga!
Never backing down!
You!
You killed my son just for her, right?
I'll take her away.
- I'll sleep with her every day.
- Uncle!
Do what you can!
No mercy!
- Narayana!
Give it to those seated inside.
I told Pushpa. He'll talk to
the collector and get your work done.
Why come all the way here
for trivial matters?
Hey, move.
No, no!
Come, brother.
Give it, I'll hold it.
- Auntie!
- What is it?
What are you looking at?
Ask him to come in.
- Mohan! Come here.
- Come.
Please come in. Sit.
Srivalli. Call Pushpa.
Lachi, bring some water.
Sit, dear.
Dear, your brother is here.
I mean… your relative is here.
Here.
Mother, it looks like
he won't be coming.
He won't come.
Why would he?
Even if he does, how can I face him?
I've hurt him so much.
I denied him our surname as a child.
But he lived on like an orphan.
When he came to see Dad
for one last time,
I pushed him away
without considering he was just a kid.
Even during his engagement…
instead of taking up a responsible role,
I insulted his birth by saying--
- Oh, no!
- Stop it! What are you doing, son?
Why bring all this up now?
Mother…
after all that I've done…
how can I face him?
Dad always used to say…
that he's my brother,
a child.
"Take care of him when I'm gone," he said.
But what have I done?
I never considered him my brother.
I looked at him as an enemy.
But he…
took responsibility for my daughter
when she was in trouble.
He put his life on the line to save her.
He fought a battle just because
she called him "Uncle."
After all, it's a blood relation.
How could he ignore that?
I'm the elder son.
And you are the mother.
Please forgive me.
I'm saying this in front of Dad.
Oh, no!
- Get up, Mohan.
- Forgive me, Mom!
- What is this? Get up!
- Please forgive me.
What is this?
Actually, Kaveri's wedding has been fixed.
I got the wedding cards printed
and came here right away.
I'm handing over the first card to you.
Your granddaughter is firm
that she won't get married
- if her uncle doesn't come to the wedding.
- Oh, my!
We'll distribute the cards to others
only if you agree to come to the wedding.
Don't say that.
It is your daughter's wedding.
Yes, dear.
He's full of pride.
He hasn't even come to see you.
There's a chance
he won't attend the wedding.
The Mulleti family is celebrating
something together for the first time.
How can it happen without him?
Tell him his brother invited him.
He'll surely come.
Dear, check this out.
"With the blessings of
Shri Mulleti Parvathamma."
They printed the wedding card
in your mother's name.
And look at this.
"Sons and daughters-in-law."
"Mr. Mulleti Pushpa Raj
and Mrs. Srivalli."
They got all the names right
but forgot one.
The name of Mulleti Chinna Venkataramana.
Dear!
Son…
- Pushpa.
- Dear…
Pushpa…
- What happened, dear?
- Pushpa…
Don't cry.
THE MULLETI FAMILY'S WEDDING CELEBRATION
Welcome.
- How are you, Mother?
- I'm doing good.
- Come on.
- Let's go.
- Come.
- Come on.
Uncle!
Can I call you "Auntie" now?
Father, put this on him.
All are here.
But where's the actual one?
Didn't he come?
The person isn't here, sir.
But we did receive his message.
What's wrong?
- Hey, what happened?
- What's wrong, vadina?
Your dad is dancing with joy from inside.
Dad!
From now on, we'll never back down.